Per our conversation earlier, highlighted topics:
ACL History – In ND, document ACL add/change/deletes are logged to for all document/container objects’ history. It lists the person/group name and their unique ID, and the access that was added/changed/removed.  It does not list the full ACL prior to/after the change.  After 2022 April 1, the Consolidated Activity Log (CAL) logs the entire ACL before and after the change.  This CAL is only available on a rolling 90 days, so firms must download the log and preserve it in a SIM/SEM/SEIM or another 3rd party application to have “instant” rollback/forward ACL capabilities.  Using the Doc History method, you must take the current ACL and replay the alteration log in reverse time order to determine the actual ACL at the timeframe being requested. 
Workspace/Folder history – Without knowing who had access to a workspace/folder at what time to see which documents would have been viewed in a directory list. iManage does not log workspace/folder history currently. In addition to security auditing, troubleshooting which process/user changed folder security would have been beneficial in a C2C go-live this weekend that we had to roll back.
Security Group / Configuration Settings – These types of events are stored in the Administrator Access Log (AAL).  Group membership, security policy creation, default cabinet security, certain system settings, promotion of accounts to cabinet/repository administration, etc.  Anything that applies to the overall settings, or global access is logged to the AAL. Anything that affects individual content items (anything with an .nev – documents,email,containers,saved searches, filters, etc. is logged in the CAL)
 
The above items are deal-breakers for the largest FedRAMP customer that ND has.  Myself and another product manager worked with them for several years satisfy their requirement if being able to provide an accurate ACL profile of a document at any point in time.  I worked with them on the ACL “replay” parsing process for historical documents, and also implemented the above enhancement to eliminate the calculation period on their SEIM processing cycle for any inquiries after 2022 April 1.  We also provided them a full reference list of activity types to be parsed from the logs.  They stressed multiple times that this ACL snapshot was in their minimum acceptable requirements per their contract and would lean heavily on this requirement, threatening to go to another service if it was not met.  I do not see any other vendor whom does not have this requirement in place to be an acceptable alternative vendor to NetDocuments for this agency.  Many other agencies that use this agencies supported DMS vendor for their document storage, and if there is any cross-agency collaboration, the content must be stored in the primary agency’s system and accessed via Collabspace, or in a separate repository on the same platform where access can be granted via SSO/MFA requirements set up by the main agency. The logs for those agencies also get pulled into the SEIM for the secondary agency.  Shortly before I left ND, there was beginning discussions of how to pull in the activity entries from the secondary agency into the SEIM of the primary agency for a holistic picture of a user’s activity across multiple agencies. 

Reference links:
Document history (again, this is any object with “content” – Workspaces, Folders, Documents, Email, Filters, Saved Searches, Collabspaces, Threads, Margin Notes, etc.) details can be found (here)
The details of what is captured in the ND Administrative Activity Log is (here)
The details of what is captured in the ND Consolidated Activity Log is (here)
The Data Dictionary referenced above is also publicly accessible on the NetDocuments support portal, (here).
 
Also, some of this information had to be made publicly accessible to comply with the FedRamp requirements.  The full Compliance package was locked behind a paying customer only link previously, but appears most of the Compliance documentation and non-NDA material is now available at NetDocuments TrustShare | Home.  Details of which documents are publicly available versus the NDA-only documents are (here).