I have read, fully understand, and freely and voluntarily sign as my acceptance of the contents of this application. I declare that the personal and medical information I have included in this application is true, complete and accurate, and I affirm that I have not omitted, concealed, modified or altered this information. I am fully aware and accept that in case of any omission, concealment, modification or alteration of the information declared in this application, or information that has not been subsequently declared up until the effective date of the policy, will be considered an act of bad faith when accepting my contractual obligations, and may cause claims to be denied and the policy to be modified, rescinded or canceled, for which a written communication from VUMI® Group, I.I. will suffice. VUMI® Group, I.I. reserves the right of taking legal and administrative action in case of any indemnities.

I understand the Company reserves the right to reject this application based on the information I submitted regarding my or any of the applicants’ residence or health, or for any other reasons the Company considers relevant. This application is valid for sixty (60) days from the day it was signed. If I want to withdraw my application from the underwriting process, I will have to send a written notification to VUMI® Group, I.I. or its authorized representatives within fifteen (15) days of the subscription of the application.

I understand I am applying for international medical insurance coverage that may not provide mandatory benefits required by regulations of my country of residence or any other jurisdictions. I will have fifteen (15) days to review the coverage offered by the Company, if I am not satisfied, I can return the policy to the Company and receive a reimbursement of the net premium paid.

Authorization to collect and disclose health information of the applicants
I hereby authorize VUMI® or VUMI® Group, I.I., its subsidiaries and any affiliated companies or its designated representatives to request my medical records and/or those of my dependents, as well as any prescription medication history and any other medical or pharmaceutical information to be considered in the underwriting process regarding the application for health insurance coverage for myself and my dependents.

I authorize any physician, hospital, laboratory, pharmacy or other medical provider, insurance company, if I had a prior or another medical coverage, government agencies, employee or benefit plan administrator, organization from whom I represent and have legal authorization, and person, including any family member who has medical records or knowledge of me and or my dependents or our health, to disclose such information to VUMI® or VUMI® Group, I.I. or its designated representatives. Likewise, I hereby authorize VUMI® or VUMI® Group, I.I., its subsidiaries and any affiliated companies or its designated representatives to disclose to my insurance agent, affiliates and successors the terms of my policy, my certificate of coverage and other insurance documents, payment information, claims, reimbursement requests and medical records that may contain protected health information that will enable them to address my questions and facilitate interaction regarding my insurance coverage, payments and claims. I understand that there is a possibility of re-disclosure of any information disclosed pursuant to this authorization and that information, once disclosed, may no longer be protected by federal rules of the United States governing privacy and confidentiality.

The existence of any information and documentation described above shall be disclosed with this application. I understand that VUMI® will use this information to: 1) assess the risk of application for coverage and make decisions about eligibility, risk rating, policy issuance and registration of all applicants; 2) administer claims and determine or fulfill liability coverage and providing benefits; 3) administer coverage; and 4) conduct other insurance operations according to applicable law.

A copy of this authorization will be considered as valid as the original. I understand that the ability of VUMI® to assess coverage is based on receiving all necessary health information.

Privacy
All personal medical information will be treated as confidential by VUMI® Group, I.I., its affiliated companies or its designated representatives.

The Company complies with the Data Protection legislation and the confidentiality of the medical information rules and regulations. The Company will not share any medical information, unless an authorization to do so exists, whether by the patient, his/her legal representative(s) or the law.

Governing Law
This Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to New York’s choice of law or conflicts of law rules.

Jurisdiction and venue
The parties agree to grant to the State and Federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan, County of New York, State of New York (or if there is exclusive federal jurisdiction), exclusive jurisdiction and venue over any disputes, action or proceedings arising out of or inconnection with this insurance Policy involving the parties, and the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN.

I, MARK RICHMAN on this date 08/10/2025 , do hereby consent and acknowledge my express agreement to the terms set forth in the insurance application regarding the governing jurisdiction of any claims I may have during the existence of the policy I am applying for, and any subsequent changes in the policy. I understand that this consent shall remain in force from this time forward.

Electronic Signature Agreement.
By selecting the "I Accept" box below, you are signing this Application electronically. You consent to be legally bound by this Application's terms and conditions. You agree your electronic signature ("E-Signature") is the legal equivalent of your manual signature on this Application.

You also agree that no certification authority or other third-party verification is necessary to validate your E-Signature and that the lack of such certification or third-party verification will not in any way affect the enforceability of your E-Signature on any resulting contract between you and VUMI® Group, I.I. You also represent that you have the authority to enter into this Agreement for all persons who are included in your application as Dependents, and that such persons will also be bound by the terms of this Application and the policy for which this Application is completed. You further agree that each use of your E-Signature in obtaining a VUMI® Group, I.I. Online service constitutes your agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the VUMI® Group, I.I.

Consent to Electronic Delivery
You specifically agree to receive and/or obtain any and all VUMI® Group, I.I. documentation related to this transaction online and related "Electronic Communications" via VUMI® Group, I.I., Online Portal Services. You acknowledge that, for your records, you are able to use VUMI® Group, I.I. Online Portal services to retain Electronic Communications by printing and/or downloading and saving this Application and any other insurance policy, and/or Electronic Communications, documents, or records that you agree to using your E-Signature. You accept Electronic Communications provided via VUMI® Group, I.I. Online Services as reasonable and proper notice for the purpose of any and all laws, rules, and regulations, and agree that such electronic form fully satisfies any requirement that such communications be provided to you in writing or in a form that you may keep.

Updates to your contact information
You are responsible for ensuring that we have your current email address in order to receive Electronic Communications.

Recognition of the agent as Agent, accept full responsibility for delivering this application and all premiums collected to VUMI® Group, I.I., as well as deliver the policy to the applicant when it is issued. I do not know of any condition that has not been declared in this application, which will affect the insurability of applicants.