August 1989 – Vancouver, British Columbia Canada
 
The wedding was a lot of fun, and Poppy and I had a chance to explore Vancouver a little bit which was great, but it was time to get out of the city and see what else British Columbia had to offer. I was yearning for some peace and quiet and needed some time to be alone in nature and just exist. I talked to my aunt and explained that we wanted so go camping somewhere quiet, somewhere without a lot of other people. My aunt suggested that we explore one of the many islands in the Strait of Georgia, between Vancouver and Vancouver Island. 
 
We thought that sounded like a great idea and headed over to the government parks office to explore the options. For a tourist office, it was a little bit off the beaten track, but at the time we didn’t think too much about it.  The door squealed on its hinges as I pushed it open, the smell of cigarette smoke accosting us. The paint on the walls was cracked and yellowed from the accumulation of smoke residue over the years. Faded tourist brochures peered out from old wooden racks and a single park ranger sat behind the counter reading some magazine. 
 
“Can I help you?”, he asked without even looking up, a pack of Belvederes on the desk beside him.
 
“Yeah, we’re looking to go camping. Somewhere quiet, without a lot of other people around. We were thinking maybe somewhere on one of the islands in the Strait?” 
 
This got his attention. He looked up from whatever he was reading and took a hard look at us. He spun around grabbing a map and spread it out on the desk in front of him. He motioned for us to come closer.
 
The map showed the entire Georgia Strait. He pointed a nicotine-stained finger at an Island in a bay just to the west of the highway that goes to Squamish and eventually up to Whistler and beyond.
 
“Gambier Island”, he said tapping his finger insistently on the map. “Halkett Bay Provincial Park is on the Island and it’s exactly what you’re looking for, and this time of year, there’s probably going to be no one else around.”
 
“No one else around? It’s still summertime, isn’t it?” 
 
He seemed unnerved by the question. 
 
“Well,” he stammered, shifting in his chair. “It’s a little off the beaten track, but it’s a special place. The bay itself is beautiful,” he said, forcing a smile. “There’s a beach, some places to do some rock climbing… and a campground. It’s… peaceful.”
 
Poppy and I glanced at each other and at the map. She nodded.
 
“Sounds good!”, I said. “How do we get there?”
 
“Head over to Horseshoe Bay which is the local ferry terminal. From there catch a ferry to Gambier Island.” He turned his attention away from us and back to whatever he was reading. 
 
“Ok, thanks for the help!” We turned around and left the office.
 
“That was a little odd”, Poppy said. 
 
“I dunno, government job and all. Halkett Bay Park sounds great though! It’s exactly what we’re looking for.”
 
Poppy didn’t seem entirely convinced, but on the way back to my aunt’s place, I talked it up and by the time we got there, she was fully on board.
 
My aunt lent us all the camping gear we needed, and we packed everything up along with some other provisions and set out on the bus to Horseshoe Bay.
 
Once we got to the ferry terminal, we went to the ticket counter and asked which ferry we take to get to Halkett Bay Park. The agent looked confused. 
 
“Where are you going?”, she asked.
 
“We’re going camping at Halkett Bay Provincial Park. It’s on Gambier Island.”
 
She smiled.
 
“Oh, Gambier Island. Yeah, take the Cormorant Ferry. There’s one at 9:40am and the next one’s not until 2:30pm. Pier 6.”
 
“Thanks.”
 
I paid for two tickets, and we went to the cafeteria to get some coffee to wait for the early ferry. We chatted excitedly about the weekend, s’mores and drinks by the fire, swimming in the bay and just relaxing. If only it was going to be that simple.
 
Shortly before 9:30 we boarded the ferry, confirmed it was going to Gambier Island and boarded. The ship left on time, and we peered out at the gray seas hoping to catch a glimpse of some Orcas. 
 
Poppy went inside and I saw her examining the ferry routes. After a few minutes she came back outside with a worried expression her face.
 
“Um, so this ferry goes to Gambier Island, but Halkett Bay Park is on the other side of the island, and there’s no way for us to get from the ferry dock to the park”
 
We both went back to look at the map. She was right. With a sinking feeling, we realized we were going to have to turn around and go all the way back to Horseshoe Bay.
 
Feeling dejected, we caught the return ferry and eventually ended right back where we started. We went to the information office, and I walked up to the desk.
 
“Hi. We’re trying to get to Halkett Bay Park, it’s on Gambier Island. We tried the ferry to Gambier, but it doesn’t look like you can get to the park from there.”
 
“No, you can’t get there on the Gambier ferry”, he said unhelpfully confirming what we already knew.
 
“Ok. So, uh, how do we get to Halkett Bay Park? It’s here”, I said pointing at a map under glass on the desk.
 
“You have to take a water taxi.”
 
“A what?”
 
“A water taxi. There’s no regular service to Halkett Bay Park. You have to hire a water taxi to take you there. See where those boats are over there?”, he said pointing to the water’s edge where there we several boats bobbing on the waves and a small group of men clustered together talking.
 
“Go talk to one of them and you can hire one of them to take you there.”
 
“Ok, thanks for the help.” I sighed dejectedly. Why didn’t they tell us this in the first place? This park had better be pretty great, because this is turning into a huge hassle.
 
Poppy and I walked over to the area with the water taxi. These guys looked like they’d fit right in on an episode of The Beachcombers. I walked up to the group of men.
 
“We need to get to Halkett Bay Park on Gambier Island.”
 
One of the older men raised an eyebrow. “Why would you want to go there?”, he asked.
 
“We just want to go camping. Somewhere where there’s not a lot of people”
 
The man laughed. “Well, that’s the place for you then.” Derek will take you. He motioned his head towards one of the younger men. 
 
“You’re Derek?”, I asked. 
 
“Mmm hmm.”
 
“And you can take us to Halkett Bay Park?”
 
“If that’s really where you want to go. Forty dollars for the both of you.”
 
Poppy pulled me aside. “Is this really a good idea?”
 
“C’mon Pop. We’ve come this far. I really want to do this. I need this! Besides, all of this will make a great story for later.”
 
It would be an exaggeration to say that Poppy was convinced, but nevertheless she agreed. We paid Derek the forty dollars and climbed aboard his speedboat. As we pulled away from Horseshoe Bay for the second time, it suddenly occurred to me that Derek was just going to drop us and leave us at the park. 
 
“Uh, Derek, so how do we get back to Horseshoe Bay after out trip?”, I asked.
 
“You just tell me when you want me to pick you up.” He replied.
 
“Uh, but there’s no phone or anything at the park right?”
 
“No, but we’re talking right now aren’t we? You tell me when you want me to pick you up and I’ll be there.”
 
This didn’t seem like the greatest plan anymore. “So if I say pick us up on Tuesday at 10am then you’ll just be there Tuesday at 10?”, I said skeptically.
 
Derek nodded like it was no big deal.
 
“Ok, Tuesday at 10am please.”
 
Derek pulled out a tattered notebook and scribbled something that may have resembled Tuesday 10am – HBP.
 
After forty minutes or so, the boat pulled into a stunning bay – maybe only five hundred meters wide, but about a kilometer deep. At the tip of the bay was a small dock. The boat slowed down and approached the dock and Derek maneuvered the boat alongside.
 
“Here you go! Halkett Bay Park.”
 
I looked over at Poppy as the boat continued into the bay. Her mouth was agape as she took in the scenery. To the left a short rocky cliff rose up out of the gray-blue water.
 
“That could be fun for climbing on.” she said smiling.
 
All around dense trees crept up to the water. At the tip of the bay a pebbled beach beckoned with a small dock jutting out into the water. Poppy took my hand and squeezed it. “I’m glad we finally made it here. This looks amazing!”
 
I looked at Derek. “The campground is over there?”, I asked pointing to a narrow path wandering up from the beach.
 
“I guess”, Derek replied.
 
I looked over at Poppy. “Let’s go!”
 
We gathered our gear from the boat climbed up onto the dock and set it down. Looking back to Derek I asked, “So Tuesday at 10am right?”
 
Derek gunned the engine on the boat and just waved as he sped away.
 
Poppy glared at me. “You realize we’re stranded here, and we’re relying on that guy, to come get us three days from now?”
 
“Relax Pop. They do this stuff all the time. It’s been a long day and we’re here now. Let’s set up camp and enjoy ourselves!”
 
We hoisted our gear onto our backs and made our way off the dock. At the beach a path sloped gently uphill and fifty meters from the beach, there was a small clearing with space to setup our tent and a circle of rocks containing charred ashes from remnants of a long-ago fire. A picnic table was nearby and a short distance away a small outhouse. 
 
It was getting late in the day, so we rushed to setup our tent and get organized before darkness came. We explored the general area collecting wood for a fire. Picking up a small log I noticed a green slimy thing on it. Then it moved! I gasped dropping the log realizing that it was a slug. A gigantic slug, probably 10 centimeters long! Gross. 
 
We gathered enough wood for tonight and set the fire. A short time later we were roasting hot dogs on sticks over a crackling campfire. As darkness set in, we opened a bottle of cheap wine and ate our dinner, recounted the long day and talked into the night.
 
Settled in our sleeping bags, Poppy leaned over. “Do you think there are bears here?” 
 
“We’re on a small Island. There’s no bears.”
 
“Bears swim you know.”
 
“Poppy, go to sleep. There are no bears here.”
 
“Ok g’night.”
 
“Goodnight Pop.”
 
I put my arm around Poppy and closed my eyes and began to drift off to sleep. I was suddenly awakened as Poppy sat bolt upright. “I heard something outside! I think it’s a bear.”
 
I groaned. “Go back to sleep. It’s a racoon, or a chipmunk. It’s not a bear. There are no bears here.” 
 
“Maybe it’s an axe murderer! Go outside and look. Please!” 
 
“Fine.” I clambered out of the sleeping bag, grabbed a flashlight and unzipped the tent. It was cool outside and there were sounds of insects or maybe some frogs, but little else. I shone the flashlight around the campsite, and everything was in order.
 
“There’s nothing out here.”
 
“Ok, come back to bed. Being out here all alone has got me a little jumpy.”
 
I climbed back into the tent and snuggled up beside her. “Don’t worry about it. There’s nothing here. Just you and me.” 
 
“Just how I want it”, she replied and softly kissed me. “Thanks for checking.”
 
The morning brought sparkling sunshine and gentle breezes that brought the sharp tang of the ocean across our campsite. I awoke before Poppy, got dressed and started up the fire again to make breakfast. As I was rummaging through our provisions I noticed a couple of cigarette butts on the ground by the picnic table. Were they there yesterday? I didn’t think so and picked one up. Belvedere? That’s an uncommon brand. I thought I had recently seen someone smoking Beleveres. Thinking back, I remembered the ranger back at the tourist office in Vancouver. He had a pack on the desk. It must just be a coincidence mustn’t it? I wasn’t so sure. I threw the butts into the fire. 
 
We spent the day doing all the great things we wanted from a camping adventure on a small island. We explored into the woods, we free climbed the cliffs along the shore and sat at the top looking out towards the mainland and ate sandwiches we brought along. Standing on top of the cliff we surveyed the surroundings. Looking inland we could see a small hut poking out of the tress. Perhaps a ranger station? 
 
“I wonder if someone lives up there”, I mused.
 
“Maybe we’ll have some company, although I like the idea of being here all alone with you”, said Poppy winking at me.
 
“All alone sounds great”, and I playfully pinched her butt.
 
We finished our lunch and made our way back to camp. We sprawled in the sun, read books and whiled away the afternoon. 
 
“Wanna go for a swim?” Poppy asked.
 
“This is the Pacific. It’s cold! Plus, there could be sharks.”
 
“Who’s the scaredy cat now?” Poppy taunted me. “I’m sure there’s no sharks in this bay. C’mon!” 
 
I knew I wasn’t going to win this one. I stripped off my shorts and waded into the water with Poppy. It was cold, but not unbearable. Standing hip deep in the water we wrapped our arms around each other and kissed. Suddenly the hairs on the back of my neck stood up with that feeling that you’re being watched. I spun out of Poppy’s arms and whirled around in time to see a thicket of bushes coming back together as if having just been pushed apart.
 
“What’s the matter?” Poppy asked.
 
“Nothing. Just a fish splashing in the water.” I wasn’t so sure. We made our way back to the beach, dried off and got dressed.
 
“Sorry I was all weird last night, this has been fun. I’m having a good time.”
 
“Don’t worry about it. I’m having a good time too. One more day here and then Derek will pick us up on Tuesday.”
 
“We hope Derek will pick us up on Tuesday. If not, we’ll just starve to death on this island…Kidding, I’m just kidding!” she said as I shot an annoyed look in her direction.
 
As the sun set on our second night at Halkett Bay, we stoked the fire up again and opened cans of chili to warm over the fire and tucked a couple of potatoes wrapped in foil into the coals. 
 
After dinner we sat in each other’s arms and sang songs as the fire died down and we dreamed about other trips we’d like to take together.
 
“Bolivia is really interesting; we should take a trip there.” Poppy had been studying Latin American history and was often pushing to travel to the region.
 
“Let’s see. Next year we’ll graduate and become boring old people. We won’t be able to take cool trips,” I joked.
 
“Us, boring? Never! We’ll be those cool old people!”
 
“I hope so. Let’s get to bed.”
 
I lay wide awake in my sleeping bag fretting about axe murderers. I kept telling myself it was all nothing and that I was letting Poppy’s anxiety get to me. But what about the cigarettes? I was sure they weren’t there yesterday. And was someone watching us swimming from the bushes? I didn’t see anything, but the knot in my stomach was saying otherwise.  
 
I must have fallen asleep at some point, but again I was jolted awake, this time by Poppy screaming. I ran out of the tent in my underwear. The light of the rising sun was just starting to filter through the trees, and I heard Poppy’s screams coming from the outhouse. Fearing the worst, I flung open the door and Poppy was sitting on the seat with a panicked expression on her face. 
 
“What is it!?” I shouted.
 
She just pointed at the toilet paper roll.
 
I pulled at the end of the roll and one of those giant slugs had attached itself to the backside of the roll. As I pulled, the slug fell off the roll and onto Poppy’s leg. She let out another scream as I pulled the terrestrial mollusk off her leaving a trail of sticky mucus behind.
 
“Oh my god Poppy. You scared me half to death!”
 
“I came here to pee, and it was dark…and I pulled on the paper and just saw that thing on there! I just freaked out!!”  She gasped.
 
“It’s ok. I thought something terrible happened. I’m just glad you’re ok.”
 
I put my arm around her as we walked back to camp. I sat her down and threw some more wood on the fire and made some coffee to help relax her. As I was prepping the coffee I noticed a large boot print in the ground by the fire. It was larger than either my or Poppy’s feet and looked fresh. The knot in my stomach tightened. I looked wildly all around, but there was nothing to see but ocean, beach, dock, campsite and trees. 
 
Having gotten over her fright, Poppy was bright and ready to face a new day on Gambier Island. “Why don’t we hike up to that ranger station we saw yesterday?” she suggested.
 
“Sounds good. Why don’t you pack some snacks for the hike. I’m just going to look around for a minute.”
 
“What are you looking for?” she asked.
 
“Nothing I just want to check something,” I replied. She looked at me confused and just shrugged.
 
I retraced our steps back to the outhouse and circumnavigated the campsite. I found three other boot prints that matched the one I saw near the outhouse. This is fucked. I thought. What the hell is going on? Am I imagining things? Are these just Poppy’s fears rearing in my subconscious? I felt incredibly uneasy as I walked back to camp.
 
Poppy was all ready to go when I got back to camp. “Find anything?”
 
“Nah, just wanted to see if there are any other hiking trails around here. Didn’t see any, just the one up into the hills,” I lied. I didn’t really know anything. What was the point of saying more?
 
We set off on the trail. The temperate rainforest of British Columbia made for some beautiful hiking. We could both hear and see many birds as well as evidence of small animals. “No bears here Pop,” I said as a squirrel scampered across the path. 
 
After forty-five minutes of hiking, we finally arrived at the ranger station which was little more than a cabin in the wood atop the highest point of the island. It didn’t appear to be occupied, but there was a lookout tower accessed by a short ladder to the side of the building. “Let’s go take a look,” Poppy offered and started climbing the ladder.
 
“Look at that view!” Poppy exclaimed. “You can see the mainland there, and Vancouver’s over there, and look! That must be the ferry we were on the other day!” The excitement in Poppy’s voice was evident, but I couldn’t enjoy the view. As I followed Poppy up to the platform, I looked down at the wooden floor. There were several boot prints on the floor that clearly had the same tread pattern as the ones I saw back at our camp. Nearby lay a couple of cigarette butts. I knew before even looking more closely that they were Belvederes. 
 
“Let’s go,” I said to Poppy.” We have to hike all the way back, and I want to do some relaxing before we head home tomorrow.”
 
“What’s wrong”, Poppy asked. I couldn’t hide the anxiety in my voice.
 
“Nothing. Uh, well, I guess I’m just thinking about Derek. You realize our lives depend on that guy looking at the scribbles in his notebook and remembering to get us tomorrow, right?”
 
“These guys do this all the time…Remember?” she taunted. “Derek will be here, I’m sure.” She certainly sounded confident. I was no longer so certain.
 
I tried to enjoy the rest of the afternoon and evening, but my mind was all over the place, and I couldn’t relax or enjoy my last night here with Poppy. When we turned in that night, I couldn’t sleep. I started at every snap, croak, or buzz that I heard from the woods. At one point I was certain that I heard footsteps outside of the tent. I clambered out while Poppy slept and looked around the area and…nothing. I began to wonder, not for the first time, if this was all in my head. I forced myself to go lie back down beside Poppy and finally nodded off and managed to get a couple hours of sleep. I woke before dawn and started to pack up camp, ready to get the hell off of this island. Derek had better show up!!
 
Poppy woke up and I made us breakfast and we chatted while we drank our coffee as the day brightened. As it got close to 10, we took all our gear and went back out to the dock to wait for Derek.
 
“You seem really anxious, did you not enjoy the weekend with me”, Poppy asked pointedly.
 
“No, it was great. I guess I’m just bummed about summer being over, and school starting again. And well, where the hell is Derek!” I glanced at my watch, and it was almost ten. At three minutes after ten, I was sure I heard a boat engine, and moments later I could see and hear the boat approach. Relief flooded over me as the boat got ever closer, and I could see Derek waving at us from the cockpit. 
 
As Derek pulled the boat alongside the dock he said, “Bet you thought I wouldn’t come right?”
 
Poppy and I looked at each other.
 
“Yeah, well I get that a lot, but I got a system, and it works,” he said tapping the notebook in his breast pocket.
 
“Well, that’s good for us,” I said as Poppy climbed aboard and I followed.
 
Safely aboard, Derek revved up the engine and the boat leapt through the waves and back towards Horseshoe Bay. I glanced back over my shoulder to the island, and I swore I saw a figure standing on the dock. I turned all the way around but there was no one there. 
 
“I’m glad to be going home with you,” I said wrapping my arms around Poppy and kissing her head.
 
“Aww, me too. I had a really nice weekend. Coming here was a good idea. I’m sorry I got so worked up the first night we arrived. You were right about everything. It all worked out.”
 
“Yes it did,” I replied glancing back at Gambier Island retreating into the distance. “Yes it did.”
 
One week later…
 
Back home again, we sat down together to watch the 11 o’clock news as we always did.
 
“Actually, I need to organize some stuff to get ready for school. Ok if I skip tonight?” Poppy asked.
 
It was always our tradition to end the day watching the news together. I was a little annoyed but said, “Sure thing.”
 
I turned on the TV as the anchor started the newscast:
 
“Our lead story tonight out of British Columbia: A young couple was murdered in gruesome fashion at Halkett Bay Provincial Park on Gambier Island, one of the many islands in the Georgia Strait. Alex Parker and Sandra Franklin’s bodies were found by RCMP officers after family members reported they did not return from a recent camping trip. An RCMP spokesperson has indicated to the CBC that Parker and Franklin’s bodies were dismembered. RCMP have charged one Grayson Manley, a provincial park ranger, with the crime.”
 
I cried out and felt the blood drain from my face as I looked at the face of the ranger from the tourist office, a Belvedere cigarette dangling from his lips. My mind raced. He’d sent us there. He knew. Did he watch us? Did we almost… I couldn’t finish the thought. My hand trembled as I grasped the remote and shut off the TV.
 
“You say something?” Poppy shouted from the other room.
 
“No,” I croaked. “Don’t think I’m going to watch the news after all.”
 
I walked into the other room, my legs unsteady. Poppy turned around as I entered.
 
“My god, you look awful. Are you mad that I didn’t want to watch the news with you?”
 
“No, Pop, I’m not mad. I just…” I hesitated, the weight of the news pressing on me. “I just wanted to tell you how happy I am that we’re home, together. I love you.”
 
For the first time, I think I truly meant it.