Privacy Policy
Read our privacy policy

Last Updated: May, 2024

Groq, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Groq”, “we,” or “us”) respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes how we collect, process, share and safeguard Personal Information we gather through our website at (https://groq.com) including Groq chat (the “Site”), our application programming interfaces (“APIs”), or service (the “Services”), or when you apply for a job. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns.

1. Personal Information We Collect
We may collect Personal Information about you from the different sources listed below. In this Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Site if that information is necessary to provide you with our Services or if we are legally required to collect your Personal Information.

Information Provided by You
Account information: when you sign up to use Groq Services (including Groq chat), you provide your email address.
Correspondence and other communications. When you contact us via a contact form, email, or by other means, you may provide us with Personal Information, such as name, email address, mailing address, company, title or role and the contents and nature of your correspondence with us.
Sign-up to product updates and newsletters. When you sign up on our Site to receive our product updates and newsletters, you may provide us with your name, email address, company, title/role, and a description of your interest in our company.
Social Media Information. We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, X (formerly Twitter), YouTube and LinkedIn. When you interact with our social media pages, we will collect Personal Information that you elect to provide to us, such asyour contact details (collectively, “Social Information”). In addition, the companies that host our social media pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics about our social media activity.
Recruitment information: if you apply for a job at Groq, you provide information about your professional and academic history, and any information you give in your application or interviews.
Using our Services: When you use our Services such as GroqChat or our API, you may provide your Personal Information (or another person's Personal Information) to us or Personal Information that is included in the input, files uploads, or feedback that you provide to our Services (“User Data”)
Information provided by third parties:
Third-Party career site: If you apply for a job with Groq through a third party website or service, Groq will collect information about you provided by that website or service.
Users of our Services: Groq does not control the type or kind of information users of our service include in prompts. Please note that our customers may include your Personal Information as a prompt when using GroqChat.
Information Collected via Automated Means
Cookie information. We and third parties may automatically collect information about your online activities via cookies, invisible tags, and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) in your browser and in emails sent to you. This information may include Personal Information, such as your IP address, web browser and device type and information about your interactions with our Site and emails, such as the time of your visit to our Site and where you have clicked.
2. How We Use Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:

Marketing. We may use your Personal Information to provide you with relevant marketing materials.
Communicating with you. We may use your contact details to contact you for administrative purposes (e.g., to provide Services and information that you request or to respond to comments and questions).
Legal. We may use your Personal Information to enforce this Policy or our Terms of Service, to defend our or a third party's legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies.
Services. We may use Personal Information or User Data to improve our Services and develop new products or services.
Fraud Prevention: Personal Information may be used to prevent fraud or misuse of our Services or to protect the security of our IT infrastructure or API.
Aggregated or de-identified Information. We may aggregate or de-identify Personal Information, which means it may no longer be used to identify you. We may use that information to analyze or evaluate our Services, conduct research, or improve or add features. We may collect aggregated information through the Services or cookies and will maintain and use the de-identified information in anonymous form.

3. Legal grounds
If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland (“Europe”) or the UK, we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal ground, which includes the following:

Consent. You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example when you consent to receive electronic marketing communications from us.
Contract. We need your Personal Information to provide you with our Site, including responding to your inquiries.
Legal obligation. We are under a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, for example to comply with tax and accounting obligations.
Legitimate interest. We or a third party may have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information, in particular for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our Site. We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
If you are in Europe or the UK, please see the table at paragraph 14 for more information on the lawful bases that we rely on to process your Personal Information.

4. When We Share Information
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:

Service providers. We work with third party service providers to operate our Site, IT-hosting and maintenance, and to provide other Services for us. These third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information as part of providing those Services for us.
Legal. We may disclose your Personal Information to our professional advisors and other third parties if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state, federal and other applicable laws, in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies. We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information when we believe, in good faith, that it is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of our Site and any facilities or equipment used to make our Site available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights, including to enforce our agreements, or the rights, property, or safety of others.
Merger. Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
5. Your Rights and Choices
Marketing opt out. You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications at any time by following the instructions contained within such communications, but you may still receive administrative messages from us regarding our Site and Services.
European and UK Privacy Rights. If you are located in Europe or the UK, you have the right to ask for an overview of the Personal Information we process about you, and for a copy of your Personal Information. In addition, in certain circumstances you may request us to update and correct inaccuracies, delete your Personal Information, restrict processing of your Personal Information, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In some cases, you may object to the processing of your Personal Information and, where we have asked you for your consent to process your Personal Information, you can withdraw it at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. The above rights may be limited under applicable law. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority or regulator of your residence, place of work or where the incident took place. The supervisory authority in Switzerland is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), in the UK it is the Information Commissioner's office (ICO), and the European data protection authorities are listed here.
6. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
Below is an overview of the types of cookies we may use to collect Personal Information.

Essential cookies. These cookies are necessary in order for the Site to operate. For example, session customization cookies to provide our website in the language of your preference. Without these cookies, we may not be able to provide you with certain website functionalities.
Analytical cookies. We also use cookies for analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain, and improve our Site. We may use our own analytics cookies or use third party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, to collect and process certain analytics data on our behalf. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Cookie Preferences
We use cookies and/or other similar technologies, such as tracking GIFs, web beacons, pixel codes, either alone or in combination with each other to create a unique device ID. We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website and under our terms with you.
Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us meet our legitimate interests to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalize our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Browser settings. Many web browsers allow you to manage your preferences relating to cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete certain cookies.
Google cookies. You can opt out from Google’s cookies by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Site is not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 18. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Policy, please contact us as indicated at the end of this Policy.

8. Third-Party Sites
Our Site may contain features or links to websites and Services provided by third parties (e.g., third parties operating career pages). Any information you provide on third-party websites or Services is provided directly to the operators of such websites or Services and is subject tothose operators’ policies governing privacy and security, even if accessed via our Site. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-parties to which links or access are provided through our Site. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with your Personal Information.

9. Data Security
We use certain physical, organizational, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of Personal Information that we collect and maintain.

10. Data Retention
We retain Personal Information for only as long as we need to provide our Services to you, or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period for User Data we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and Services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on the Services we provide to you and mandatory retention periods.

11. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Information to countries other than the country where you are located, including to the U.S. or any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in Europe or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer your Personal Information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.

We may also transfer your Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued, use approved contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information, or rely on third parties’ Data Privacy Framework certifications, where applicable. If you are located in Europe or the UK, you may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of Europe or the UK.

12. Changes to this Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. Where reasonably possible, we will contact you to notify you of any significant changes. If we modify this Policy, we will indicate the date of the latest revision at the top of this policy.

13. Our Contact Information
Groq is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Information, please contact us by email at legal@groq.com or by writing to us at: Groq, Inc., 400 Castro Street, Suite 600, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.

Groq's representative under the GDPR is Sheryl L. Savage, General Counsel, ssavage@groq.com

14. Lawful basis table for EU and UK users
By using Groq’s Services, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Information will be processed in the United States and may be disclosed to our service providers and affiliates in other jurisdictions.

Legal Basis for Processing. Our legal bases for processing your Personal Information include:

Providing our Services, delivering our Site (including GroqChat), or performance of a contract with you when we provide and maintain our Services. When we process contact data to provide our Site or Services to you, this information is necessary to be able to provide our Services and perform our obligations under the contract.
Our legitimate interests in protecting our Services from abuse, fraud, or security risks, or in developing, improving, or promoting our Services, including when we train our models.
Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To send you marketing that we think you would be interested in, we may process your contact data, such as name, email address, or employer. We will obtain consent where direct marketing law requires, otherwise our lawful basis is promoting our business.
Managing our relationship with customer and responding to customer queries require us to use your contact data. Responding to customer queries ensures we provide adequate customer support.
Understanding how visitors use our website in order to improve our website and ensure security of our website. The data we collect can include website browser data including IP address (approximate location), browser language, software, and hardware attributes ("Website Browser Data"), Information about technical logs, account and login information, frequency of logins, the volume of data transferred, and feature usage and engagement ("Usage Data"). This helps us ensure performance of the website.
To comply with any legal obligation that we are subject to, we can collect Contact data, Website Browser Data, Usage Data and any associated data to comply with a legal obligation.
Compliance with our legal obligations when we use your Personal Information to comply with applicable law or when we protect our or our affiliates’, users’, or third parties’ rights, safety, and property.