Privacy & Terms
Last updated July 17, 2025
We are ATLAS CLOUD AI LLC ("Company," "we," "us," "our"), a company registered in New York, United States at 1540 Broadway, New York, NY 10036. We operate the website https://www.atlascloud.ai (the "Site"), as well as any other related products and services that refer or link to these legal terms (the "Legal Terms") (collectively, the "Services"). These Legal Terms constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity ("you"), and ATLAS CLOUD AI LLC, concerning your access to and use of the Services.
1. OUR SERVICESThe information provided when using the Services is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. The Services are not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (HIPAA, FISMA, etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use the Services.
2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSWe are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Services, including all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics in the Services (collectively, the "Content"), as well as the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the "Marks"). Our Content and Marks are protected by copyright and trademark laws and treaties in the United States and around the world.
3. USER REPRESENTATIONSBy using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (1) all registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete; (2) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; (3) you have the legal capacity and agree to comply with these Legal Terms; (4) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside; (5) you will not access the Services through automated or non-human means; (6) you will not use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (7) your use of the Services will not violate any applicable law or regulation.
4. USER REGISTRATIONYou may be required to register to use the Services. You agree to keep your password confidential and will be responsible for all use of your account and password. We reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or change a username you select if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such username is inappropriate, obscene, or otherwise objectionable.
5. PURCHASES AND PAYMENTWe accept Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made via the Services. Sales tax will be added to purchases as deemed required by us. We may change prices at any time. All payments shall be in US dollars. You agree to pay all charges at the prices then in effect for your purchases and any applicable shipping fees.
6. SUBSCRIPTIONSYour subscription will continue and automatically renew unless canceled. You consent to our charging your payment method on a recurring basis without requiring your prior approval for each recurring charge. The length of your billing cycle is monthly. All purchases are non-refundable. You can cancel your subscription at any time by logging into your account.
7. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIESYou may not access or use the Services for any purpose other than that for which we make the Services available. As a user, you agree not to systematically retrieve data, trick or defraud us and other users, circumvent security features, disparage or harm us, use information to harass others, make improper use of support services, use the Services inconsistently with laws, engage in unauthorized framing or linking, upload viruses or harmful material, engage in automated use, delete proprietary notices, impersonate others, interfere with the Services, harass our employees, bypass access measures, copy our software, reverse engineer, use buying agents, make unauthorized use, or use the Services to compete with us.
8. USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONSWhen you create or make available any Contributions, you represent and warrant that your contributions do not infringe proprietary rights, you are the creator and owner or have necessary licenses, you have written consent for identifiable persons, your contributions are not false or misleading, not unsolicited advertising, not obscene or objectionable, do not ridicule or abuse anyone, are not used to harass or threaten, do not violate any applicable law, do not violate privacy rights, do not concern child exploitation, do not include offensive comments related to protected characteristics, and do not otherwise violate these Legal Terms.
9. CONTRIBUTION LICENSEYou and Services agree that we may access, store, process, and use any information and personal data that you provide following the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices. By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding the Services, you agree that we can use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you. We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights associated with your Contributions.
10. SOCIAL MEDIAAs part of the functionality of the Services, you may link your account with online accounts you have with third-party service providers. You represent and warrant that you are entitled to disclose your Third-Party Account login information to us and/or grant us access to your Third-Party Account. By granting us access to any Third-Party Accounts, you understand that we may access, make available, and store any content that you have provided to and stored in your Third-Party Account so that it is available on and through the Services via your account.
11. SERVICES MANAGEMENTWe reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: (1) monitor the Services for violations of these Legal Terms; (2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who violates the law or these Legal Terms; (3) refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable any of your Contributions; (4) remove from the Services or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or burdensome to our systems; and (5) otherwise manage the Services in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and facilitate the proper functioning of the Services.
12. PRIVACY POLICYWe care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy: https://www.atlascloud.ai/privacy. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Legal Terms. Please be advised the Services are hosted in the United States. If you access the Services from any other region of the world with different laws governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure, then through your continued use of the Services, you are transferring your data to the United States and expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States.
13. TERM AND TERMINATIONThese Legal Terms shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. We reserve the right to, in our sole discretion and without notice or liability, deny access to and use of the Services to any person for any reason or for no reason, including for breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant contained in these Legal Terms or of any applicable law or regulation. We may terminate your use or participation in the Services or delete your account and any content or information that you posted at any time, without warning, in our sole discretion.
14. MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONSWe reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Services at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Services. We cannot guarantee the Services will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Services, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors.
15. GOVERNING LAWThese Legal Terms and your use of the Services are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law principles.
16. DISPUTE RESOLUTIONAny legal action of whatever nature brought by either you or us shall be commenced or prosecuted in the state and federal courts located in New York, and the Parties hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such state and federal courts.
17. CORRECTIONSThere may be information on the Services that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Services at any time, without prior notice.
18. DISCLAIMERTHE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
19. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITYIN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
20. INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) use of the Services; (2) breach of these Legal Terms; (3) any breach of your representations and warranties; (4) your violation of the rights of a third party; or (5) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Services.
21. USER DATAWe will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Services for the purpose of managing the performance of the Services, as well as data relating to your use of the Services. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Services. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data.
22. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURESVisiting the Services, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS.
23. CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTSIf any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.
24. MISCELLANEOUSThese Legal Terms and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Services constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Legal Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. If any provision of these Legal Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable and does not affect the validity of any remaining provisions.
25. CONTACT USIn order to resolve a complaint regarding the Services or to receive further information regarding use of the Services, please contact us at:
Company: ATLAS CLOUD AI LLC
Address: 1540 Broadway, New York, NY 10036, United States