Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
March 17, 2025
Welcome to Parasail! We’re glad you’re here.  ThisPrivacy Policy (this “Policy”)describes how Parasail, Inc. (“Parasail”, “we”, or “us”) collects, uses,discloses, and otherwise processes personal data (as defined below) inconnection our on-demand GPU inference services located at www.parasail.io, saas.parasail.io,and api.parasail.io (collectively, our “Platform”),and related content, services, products, and other functionality offered on orthrough the Platform (collectively, our “Services”).  We have implemented this Policy because yourprivacy is important to us.

1.         Personal Data

For the purposes of this Policy, “personal data” means any data orinformation that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of beingassociated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with aparticular natural person or household, or any other data or information thatconstitutes “personal data”, “personal information”, or “personally identifiableinformation” under applicable law.

2.         Personal DataWe Collect from You Directly

We will collect any personal data that you choose to share withus, or that you allow us to access as part of creating an account on thePlatform or otherwise using the Service. This may include the following:

·     Personal data associated with creating and updating your useraccount(s) on the Platform. This may include things like email address and name.  We use this information to administer youraccount, make the Platform and the Service available to you, communicate withyou about your account, the Platform, and the Service, and for customer supportpurposes.

·     Personal data associated with collecting and/or processingpayments.  This may include things like name andaddress. Please note that we use third party payment processors, includingStripe, to process credit card payments made to us.  We do not retain any personally identifiablefinancial information related to credit card payments, such as credit cardnumbers.  Instead, you will provide allsuch information directly to the third party processor.  The processor’s use of your personal data isgoverned by their own privacy policy.

·     Personal data associated with receiving and responding toinquiries or communications from you.  This may include thingslike email, name, and any other personally identifiable data you choose toinclude in your communications with us. We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiriesand/or to communicate with you, and to enhance the Platform and the Service.

·     Personal data associated with receiving and responding tosupport requests.  This may include thingslike email, name, and any other personally identifiable data you choose toinclude in your communications with us. We use this information to provide customer support to you.

·     Personal data associated with receiving marketing communicationsfrom us.  To the extent that you agree to receivemarketing communications from us, you may provide us with things like youremail, name, and other personally identifiable information about yourself.  We use this information to manage ourcommunications with you, and to send you information about products andservices that we think may be of interest to you.  If you want to stop receiving email messagesor other marketing communications from us, click the “unsubscribe” link at thebottom of the email/marketing communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain Platform-related orService-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations,technical notices, or legal notices).

·     Personal data associated with feedback you choose to provide tous.  This may include things like email, name, andany other personally identifiable data you choose to include in yourcommunications with us.  We will use thisinformation to communicate with you, to conduct market research, inform ourmarketing and advertising activities, and otherwise improve the Platform andthe Service.

·     Personal data associated with applying for a job with us.  This may include things like your contactinformation, demographic information, educational and work history, informationyou provide to us during the course of any interviews, and any otherinformation you choose to provide to us during the course of applying for a jobwith us.  We will use this information toas part of the process of determining whether you are a good fit to work withus at Parasail.

·     Device and Usage Information. We may collect data about your device, and how you and your deviceinteract with the Platform and/or the Service. For example, we may collect usage data (including things like thefeatures of the Platform/Service you choose to use, the web pages you visit,your interactions on our website(s), and your interactions with us via email orother methods), and device, connectivity, and configuration data (includingthings like information about your device, the network you use to connect tothe Platform/Service, data about your operating system and other softwareinstalled on your device, IP address, browser type, and referring URLs).  We use this information to improve thePlatform and the Service.

·     Metadata.  We may collect certainmetadata – essentially, data about your data – that could be used to identifyyou. This may include things like statistics related to your usage of thePlatform/Service (e.g., length of engagement, location, and browser type), yourusage of the API token that you use to access the Platform/Service, and yourlarge language model (LLM) token usage and time usage (e.g., what models youchoose to leverage, and how may tokens you consume).  We use this information to improve thePlatform and the Service.

3.         Personal DataWe Receive About You from Third Parties

We will collect certain personal data from third parties, whichwe often combine with personal data we collect from you.  This may include the following:

·     Information we receive from authentication services you use toconnect to the Platform or the Service. This may include things like OIDC issuer ID (e.g., GoogleID,Auth0 ID, Okta).  These services willauthenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share certainpersonal data with us, which could include your name, email address, and otherinformation.  The specific data we receivewill vary based on that third party’s policies, and your privacy settings onthat third party site.  We use thisinformation to administer your account, make the Platform and the Serviceavailable to you, communicate with you about your account, the Platform, andthe Service, and for customer support purposes.

4.         How We Use the Personal Data WeCollect

We use personal data to provide and improve the Platform and the Service,and to perform essential business operations. This includes operating theServices, maintaining and improving the performance of the Services, developingnew features, conducting research, and providing customer support. Examples ofsuch uses include the following:

Making the Platform and Service     Available to You. We use data to carry out your     transactions with us, and to make the Platform and the Service available     to you. In certain cases, the Platform and/or Service may include     personalized features and recommendations that enhance your productivity     and enjoyment, and automatically tailor your experience based on the data     we have about you.
Technical support.     We use data to diagnose product problems, and to provide other customer     care and support services.
Improving the Platform and the Service.     We use data to continually improve our Platform and our Service, including     system administration, system security, and adding new features or     capabilities.
Business Operations.     We use data to develop aggregate analyses and business intelligence that     enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the     performance of our business.
Recruitment.  If you     apply for a job with us, we use your data for recruitment     purposes.
Promotions.  We may     use your data to administer promotions, surveys, or other similar activities.
Improving Advertising Campaigns.  We may     use your data to improve our advertising campaigns, primarily in an effort     to prevent targeting of impressions via third-party channels when they are     not relevant to you.
Sending Periodic Emails.  We may     use your data to send you periodic emails.      Depending on the marketing preferences you select when you create     your account, we may send you occasional marketing emails about our     products and services, which you can unsubscribe from at any time using     the link provided in the message.
Generally.  We use data to respond to your inquiries     and requests relating to our Platform and Service, to create and     administer your account, to process payments, and to provide us with     information and access to resources that you have requested from us.  We also use data for general business     purposes, including, among other things, to improve customer service, to     help us improve the content and functionality of the Platform and the     Service, to better understand our users, to protect against wrongdoing, to     enforce our Terms of Service, and to generally manage our business.
Communications.  We use data we collect to communicate with you,     and to personalize our communications with you. For example, we may     contact you to inform you when your subscription is ending, to discuss     your account, to let you know when updates are available, to remind you     about features of the Platform and the Service that are available for your     use, to update you about a support request, or to invite you to     participate in a survey. Additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions,     and choose whether you want to receive marketing communications from us.
5.         We Do Not Use Personal DataContained in Your Input or Output to Train Our Models, or to Improve thePlatform or Service.

We treatpersonal data that is contained within Input and Output differently than in therest of this Policy.

For thepurposes of this Policy, “Input” means any data,images, code, or other content (including, without limitation, text, graphics,audio files, video files, or computer software) that you either: (i) publish,upload to, or use in conjunction with the Platform; (ii) make available inconjunction with the Platform, or (iii) allow the Platform to access; and“Output” means content and/or datagenerated by the Platform, and/or one or more model(s), in response to a query.

We willnot use your Input, or your Output, or any personal data contained in thatInput or Output, to train our own models or to improve the Platform or theService.

6.         Cookies

Cookies are small files that a site or its service providertransfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allowit) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize yourbrowser and capture and remember certain information.  You can choose to disable cookies, but if youdo, your ability to use or access certain parts of the Platform or Service maybe affected.

Weuse cookies and other similar identifiers to understand and save yourpreferences for future visits, to advertise to you on other sites, and tocompile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we canoffer better site experiences and tools in the future.  Some examples of cookies and trackingtechnology that may be included in the Platform and Service include GoogleAnalytics, PostHog, and Microsoft Clarity.

Youmay refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser thatallows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you choose to disablecookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. A banner askingyou to accept our cookies policy will be displayed upon the first visit to ourwebsite (or the first visit after you delete your cookies). Unless you haveadjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies and/or you havenot accepted our cookies policy, our system will issue cookies when you log onto our site.

Our webpages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also calledsingle-pixel gifs) that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, and tocount users who have visited those websites. We may also include web beacons inour promotional email messages or newsletters, to determine whether and whenyou open and act on them.

Finally, our Services may contain web beacons or similartechnologies from third-party analytics providers that help us compileaggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns orother operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set orread their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which theycan collect information about your online activities across applications,websites or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers fromusing web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directlyidentifies you (such as your name or email address).

7.         How We ProtectYour Personal Data

The security of your personal data is important to us.  Parasail follows generally accepted industrystandards, including the use of reasonable and appropriate administrative,physical, and technical safeguards, to protect your personal data.  This includes implanting reasonable accesscontrols, and limiting access to systems that contain personal data to thosepeople who have the need to access them (e.g., the “least-privilege”principle). However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronicstorage, is fully secure.  Therefore,while Parasail strives to use commercially reasonable means to protect yourpersonal data while in motion and at rest, Parasail cannot and does notguarantee your data’s absolute security or confidentiality.

8.         When We Share Your Information withOthers

We shareyour personal data with your consent, or as necessary to make the Platform andthe Service available to you.  We alsoshare personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for thepurposes described in this Policy. For example, companies we have hired toprovide payment processing services, CRM services, and customer support may need access topersonal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies arerequired to abide by our data privacy and security requirements, and are notallowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose.

We maydisclose your personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a corporate sale,merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event.

Finally,we will access, transfer, disclose, and/or preserve personal data, when we havea good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:

comply     with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, judicial orders,     or subpoenas;
respond     to requests from public or governmental authorities, including for national     security or law enforcement purposes;
protect     the vital interests of our users, customers, or other third parties     (including, for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of     our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of     anyone);
operate     and maintain the security of the Platform and Service, including to     prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks;
protect     the rights, interests or property of Parasail or third parties;
prevent     or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Platform of Service;     or
enforce     our Terms of Service.
Wemay use and share aggregated non-personal information with third parties formarketing, advertising, and analytics purposes.

We do not sell your personal information to third parties.

9.         Where We Store and Process PersonalData

Personaldata we collect may be stored and processed in the United States, the EuropeanUnion, or in any other country where Parasail or its affiliates, futuresubsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities.  The storage location(s) are chosen in orderto enable efficient operation, improve performance, and create redundancies inorder to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We takesteps to ensure that the data we collect is processed according to theprovisions of this Policy, and the requirements of applicable law wherever thedata is located.

We transfer personal data from theEuropean Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland to other countries, some ofwhich have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequatelevel of data protection. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety oflegal mechanisms to help ensure your rights and protections travel with yourdata, including standard contractual clauses that have been approved by theEuropean Commission.  

10.       HowLong We Retain Your Information

We willretain your personal data for as long as necessary to make the Platform and theService available to you, or for other essential purposes such as complyingwith our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.Because these needs can vary for different types of data in the context of thedifferent aspects of the Platform and the Service, actual retention periods canvary significantly. The criteria we use to determine the retention periodsinclude:

How long is the personal data     needed to make the Platform and/or Service available, and/or operate our     business? This includes such things     such as maintaining and improving the performance of the Platform and the     Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business     and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the     baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control,     such as in your privacy dashboard, that enables you to access and delete     the personal data at any time? If there is not, a     shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a     sensitive type? If so, a shortened     retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has the user provided consent     for a longer retention period? If so, we will retain the     data in accordance with your consent.
Is Parasail subject to a legal,     contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data? Examples     can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government     orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be     retained for the purposes of litigation.
We do not store or logany personal data you send as Input to the “serverless” and “dedicated”versions of the Service, and we will not inspect such data withoutyour permission, and will only retain such data for as long as is necessary toprovide the Service to you (i.e., for the time it takes to generate Output anddeliver that Output to you).  

We generally store and log any personaldata you send as Input to the “batch” version of the Service for 30 days, though the specific timeframemay vary.

11.       How You Can Access and Control YourPersonal Data

You canview, access, edit, delete, or request a copy of your personal data for certainaspects of the Platform and the Service. You can also make choices about Parasail’scollection and use of certain data. How you can access and control yourpersonal data will depend on which aspects of the Platform and Service you use.

You can always choose whether you want to receive marketingcommunications from us. You can also opt out from receiving marketingcommunications from us by using the opt-out link on the communication.

·      Data Access and Portability. You can request a copy of your personal data by sending an email to legal@parasail.iowith “Please send me a copy of my personal data” in the subject line. Parasailwill verify your ability to access that email, then send you a digital exportof the data we hold that is associated with your email address.   We will use reasonable efforts to respond toyour request within 30 days of our receipt of the request.

·      Data Erasure.  You can request thatParasail delete your personal data by sending an email to legal@parasail.iowith “Please delete my personal data” in the subject line. Parasail will verifyyour ability to access that email, then delete the personal data associatedwith your email address. We will use reasonable efforts to respond to yourrequest within 30 days of our receipt of the request.  Please note that we retain billing and usagemetadata about a company or individual as required for compliance with law andregulation.

·     DataCorrection. You can modify your personal data by sending an email to legal@parasail.iowith “Please update my personal data” in the subject line. Parasail will verifyyour ability to access that email, then update the fields where possible withinthe Services. We will use reasonable efforts to respond to your request within30 days of our receipt of the request.  

·     Your Communications Preferences.  You can choose whether you wish to receive marketingcommunications from us. If you receive marketing communications from us andwould like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in thatcommunication. Alternatively, you can request that we withdraw consent to useyour personal data by sending an email to legal@parasail.io with “Pleasewithdraw my consent” in the subject line. Parasail will verify your ability toaccess that email, then delete the personal data associated with your emailaddress. We will use reasonable efforts to respond to your request within 30days of our receipt of the request.  Pleasenote that these choices do not apply to mandatory communications that are partof the Platform or Service.

12.       Children’sPersonal Data

The Platform and the Service are notdirected to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personaldata from children under the age of 13. If an individual is under the age of 13, they should not use thePlatform or the Service, or otherwise provide us with any personal data (eitherdirectly, or by any other means).  If achild under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us, we encourage thechild’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personaldata from our systems.  If we learn thatany personal data we have collected has been provided by a child under the ageof 13, we will promptly delete that personal data.

13.       ThirdParty Links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer thirdparty products or services on our website or through the Platform or Service.If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of thesewebsites may collect information from you that will be used by those websitesin accordance with their privacy policies. These third-party sites haveseparate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have noresponsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linkedsites.

14.       Changes tothis Policy

We willupdate this Policy as necessary to reflect customer feedback and changes in ourPlatform and Service. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the"last updated" date at the top of the Policy. If there are materialchanges to the Policy or in how Parasail will use your personal data, we willnotify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before theytake effect or by sending you a direct notification. We encourage you toperiodically review this Policy to learn how Parasail is using your personaldata.

15.       Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding this Policy, or our Platformor Service, please send an email to legal@parasail.io.