Cerebras Systems Inc. Privacy Policy 
Effective August 27, 2024 

Cerebras Systems Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Cerebras”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Cerebras collects, stores, uses, and discloses your Personal Data collected from the sources listed below. You are encouraged to read this Policy carefully before visiting our website or using our services (collectively, the “Services”), as it describes your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Data. 

This Policy does not apply to Personal Data we process in our role as a data processor or service provider on behalf of our customers and partners. Cerebras does not control how customers and partners use information Cerebras processes on their behalf, and you should consult with the applicable customer or partner to understand how they use information they receive from Cerebras. This Policy also does not apply to Personal Data we collect about employees, former employees, or candidates for employment with Cerebras. 

By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing us with information, you acknowledge the applicability of this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not access or use the Services or provide us with information. 

     1. Information We Collect About You 

We collect Personal Data about you in the ways described below, such as when you provide it directly to us, automatically through your use of the Services, and from other parties. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies you or any other individual, or that relates to, describes or is reasonably capable of being associated with, an identified or identifiable individual. Please note that we need certain types of information to provide the Services to you. If you do not provide us with such information, or if you ask us to delete that information, you may no longer be able to access or use certain aspects of the Services. 

          a. Information You Provide to Us Directly 

We may collect information that you provide to us directly through: 

Your use of the Services, including our training, inference and chatbot Services, provided that we do not retain inputs and outputs associated with our training, inference, and chatbot Services as described in Section 6; 
Your communications with us, such as for support, troubleshooting, or general inquiries; • Yoursubscription to blogs, newsletters or updates; 
Your enrollment in webinars or other events; 
Your requestsfor information,such as marketing information or other publications; or 
Your in-person communications with us, such as at conferences or events. 
Information you provide directly to us may concern you and others and may include, but is not limited to: 

name, job title and company name, phone number, email address, mailing address and other information about you or your business; • business payment information; 
ransaction information such as purchases, purchase amounts, and dates of purchase; 
account information when you sign in and use the Services; 
other information in content, input, files, uploads or feedback you voluntarily provide to us via your communications with us, such as when you submit questions, communicate with our customer support, interact with us at conferences or other events, or otherwise communicate with us; and 
inferences drawn from the above-listed categories of personal information.    
    b. Information We Collect from Affiliates and Non-Affiliated Parties 
We may receive or collect Personal Data about you from affiliates or non-affiliated parties, such as marketing partners or providers, public and other databases, social media platforms such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, or Google, or from conference or event hosts. 

We do not control, and we disclaim any obligations and liability with respect to, information users may include in inputs to our training, inference and chatbot Services. 

As permitted by law, we may combine information that we collect from you through the Services with information that we obtain from such other parties and information derived from other products or Services we provide. 

           c. Information We Collect Automatically 

We, or vendors we engage, may automatically collect information about your use of our website or services through cookies and similar technologies. This may include navigational and network-related activity such as your device’s IP address, browser type and operating system; the length of time you visit our website; web pages you view; links you click; the webpage that led you to our website; data you provide to us to receive technical assistance or customer service; and contact preferences. 

We use these technologies to understand and to improve the use and functionality of our website and services. Automatically collected data may be linked to other Personal Data such as user name, email address and phone number. 

Please see our Cookie Policy for more information. 

      2. How We Use Your Information 

We use the information collected about you for the following business and commercial purposes: 

to register you as a customer and perform our contractual obligations; 
to enable you to access support and technical materials; 
to provide the Services, including online services, and customer support; 
to allow you to customize the content of communications and information that we send or display to you; 
for marketing and promotional purposes; 
to manage our relationship with you; 
to better understand how users access and use our website, use our products, and services, and for other research and analytical purposes, including operating and growing our business; developing new products and services; enhancing, improving or modifying our services or website (including changes to this Policy or other legal agreements) and identifying usage trends; and determining the effectiveness of our marketing activities; and 
ss we otherwise determine necessary and appropriate, including under applicable laws; to comply with our legal obligations; to enforce our terms and conditions, and defend our legal rights; to protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; to protect our operations, security and property, or that of our users, employees, or other parties; and as an incident to any sale, merger or similar transaction involving our company. 
We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the Services. We may use deidentified or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes and may also disclose such data to other parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and/or others. We commit to maintaining and using that data in deidentified form without attempting to reidentify it. 

     3. When We Disclose Your Information 

We may disclose your Personal Data with other parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances: • Affiliates or Subsidiaries. We may disclose data to our affiliates or subsidiaries. • Vendors. We may disclose data to vendors, contractors or agents who perform administrative and functions on our behalf. 

Resellers. We may disclose data to our product resellers. 
Business Transfers. We may disclose or transfer data to another company as part of an actual or contemplated merger with or acquisition of us by that company. 
Legal Obligations and Rights. We may disclose your data to any legally entitled recipients: (i) in connection with establishing, exercising or defending against legal claims; (ii) to comply with laws, lawful requests or legal process; (iii) to protect our rights or those of our employees; (iv) protect your safety or that of our employees or others; or (v) as otherwise permitted by applicable law. 
       4. Websites of Other Parties 

Our website and services may contain links to websites provided by other parties. Any access to and use of such linked websites will cause you to leave the Cerebras website. We do not control those websites and are not responsible for their conduct, even if they may provide content co-branded by Cerebras. These websites are governed by their own policies regarding privacy and security, not by this Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of every website you visit before providing them with any Personal Data. 

      5. How We Secure Your Personal Data 

We have implemented administrative, technical, physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. 

      6. Retention of Your Personal Data 

We retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and your choices, after which time we may delete and/or aggregate it. We may also retain and use this information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. We do not retain inputs and outputs associated with our training, inference and chatbot Services. We delete logs associated with our training, inference and chatbot Services when they are no longer necessary to provide services to you

       7. Your Rights and Choices 

Marketing. You may opt out of receiving marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of, or by following other relevant instructions in, marketing emails you receive from us. California Privacy Rights. Please review the Supplemental Notice for California Residents below. Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom. Please review the Regional Privacy Notices below. 

      8. Information About Children 

We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors under 13 years old. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Data from someone under the age of 13 without parental consent, contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section below, so that we can take appropriate measures to address the issue and delete the relevant information as required by applicable law. 

      9. Consent to Transfer 

Except as otherwise agreed to in a separate agreement with you, your data may be stored and processed in the United States and other countries outside the United States, which may have data protection laws that differ from the laws in your country. By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance, and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable countries in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as, or equivalent to, those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. 

      10. Regional Privacy Notices

            a. Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom 

Cerebras is considered the “data controller” of the Personal Data we handle under this Policy. In other words, Cerebras is responsible for deciding how to collect, use and disclose this data, subject to applicable law. The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom (collectively, “EEA”) require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using or disclosing of your information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows: 

We have obtained your consent to process your Personal Data. You may withdraw your consent at any time by using the tools available in the electronic communications we send to you, or by contacting us as described under “How to Contact Us” below. 
To fulfill our contractual obligations, such as where you have purchased a product or service from us. 
We have a legal obligation to process your Personal Data, such as for tax or accounting obligations. 
Our legitimate interests in using your Personal Data, such as providing our website, improving our products and Services, managing our relationship with our customers, making related services available to you, and protecting our Services from fraud or abuse, provided our interest is not outweighed by the risk of harm to your rights and freedoms. 
Residents of the EEA have the following rights: 

You can request access to, and correction, updates or deletion of, your Personal Data that we hold. You may also ask us for a copy of your Personal Data that we hold and of which you do Page 5 of 7 not already have a copy. If you request a change to, or deletion of, your Personal Data, we may still need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes and where necessary to comply with applicable law. 
In some circumstances you can object to processing of your Personal Data, or ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data. 
If we have collected and process your Personal Data with your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any data processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. 
To complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data, if you believe we have not complied with applicable data protection laws. We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you approach the supervisory authority, so we request that you contact us in the first instance. 
To exercise your rights or if you have any other questions about how we process Personal Data as a data controller, you may contact us as described under “How to Contact Us” below. It is our legal obligation to validate any request we receive before responding. Therefore, we will not respond to requests that cannot be validated. 

         b. Supplemental Notice for California Residents 

The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”) requires us to provide some additional information to California residents. This Section only applies to you if you are a California resident. This Section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. 

        i. Categories of Information We Collect 

Throughout this Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information we collect, the sources of that information, and how when we disclose it. Under the CCPA, we also have to provide you with the "categories" of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect and disclose for “business or commercial purposes” (as those terms are defined by applicable law). The categories of personal information are identifiers (such as name, address, and email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card and other financial account information); internet or other network or device activity (such as IP address); geolocation data; professional or employment-related information (such as your current employer and job title); inferences drawn about you; audio and visual information (such as when you call into customer service or visit our offices), and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. We do not collect sensitive personal information that is within the scope of this Policy. 

We, either directly or through vendors, collect and disclose the above-categories of personal information for the purposes described in Section 2 of this Policy. 

We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Service; (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as social networks. 

We describe our information disclosure practices in the Policy above. In the previous twelve months, we may have disclosed certain categories of personal information with other parties, including third parties (as defined by the CCPA) for the business purposes described above in Section 2 of this Policy. For example, you may intentionally direct us to disclose your information with other parties, such as for referral purposes. The information we disclose may include contact information (identifiers). 

        ii. Rights of California Consumers 

If you are a California resident, the CCPA may permit you to request that we: 

Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information; and the categories of personal information we “sell.” 
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you. • Delete certain information we have about you. 
Correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. 
You also have the right to opt out of “sales” and “sharing” of personal information, as those terms are defined by the CCPA. Cerebras does not “sell” or “share” personal information and has not done so in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Policy. As we do not “sell” or “share” personal information, we also do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16. 

You have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services. 

Please submit your requests to the address described under “How to Contact Us” below. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident. Following your request, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. You may authorize and agent to submit a request on your behalf, so long as you provide the agent with written permission to make such request on your behalf and the agent can verify their identity, in order to protect your personal information. 

            iii. Retention 

Please see Section 6 above (“Retention of Your Personal Data”) for how we retain your personal information. 

            iv. Do-Not-Track 

We do not respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. 

     11. Changes to This Privacy Policy 

We may change or update this Policy from time to time, so we encourage you to review this Policy periodically. If we make any material changes to this Policy, we will notify you as required by law, such as by e-mail to the address you have provided. 

The date at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was last updated. 

     12. How to Contact Us 

If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, or the privacy practices relating to our website or services, or if you wish exercise your privacy rights, please contact us using the details below: 

By postal mail: Cerebras Systems Inc. 
1237 E Arques Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94085

By email: privacy@cerebras.ai 