Nebius AI Studio Privacy Policy
Table of contents
Introduction

1. Personal Data We Collect

2. Why We Process Your Personal Data

3. To Whom We Disclose Your Personal Data

4. Your Rights

5. Retention of Your Personal Data

6. Overseas Personal Data Transfers

7. Data Privacy Framework

8. Cookies

9. Security of Your Personal Data

10. State- or Country-Specific Provisions

10.1. US

10.2. Israel

11. Children

12. Difficulty Accessing this Privacy Policy

13. Changes

14. Contact Us

Introduction
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data that Nebius B.V., a company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and having its registered office at Schiphol Boulevard 165, 1118 BG Schiphol, the Netherlands (“Nebius,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), processes as a controller in connection with the Nebius AI Studio services (“Services”).

This Privacy Policy does not apply to:

Job applicants. If you are applying for a position with Nebius, please see our separate HR Privacy Policy: https://docs.nebius.com/legal/hr-privacy-policy.
Third‑party offerings. Any products, services, or content provided by third parties even other Nebius group entities are governed by their own privacy policies.
Terms and Definitions
This Privacy Policy uses the key terms as defined by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Unless we explicitly state otherwise, these terms carry the same meanings and must be interpreted in accordance with the GDPR. Under the “Learn more” button, you can review detailed definitions of the terminology we use.

1. Personal Data We Collect
1.1. Personal Data You Provide to Us
Registration. When you register to use our Services, you provide us with the following data:

Full name
Contact information, such as email address and phone number
Job title
Company name
Company size
Industry
Any other information you supply in the registration form
Third‑Party Authentication. If you choose to sign up using your Google or GitHub account (or another supported third‑party account), you authorize us to receive, store, and use any information that you have permitted the third party to share via its API. This may include, for example, your name, email address, profile picture, and any other data you have agreed to share.

Model Interaction. When you interact with our Services through the Nebius AI Studio interface, you submit your inputs via the Nebius AI Studio interface. The categories of processed personal data include:

Inference planning: Data we can ask on intended use case and/or inference consumption to classify the user
Speculative decoding: Input(s) and output(s) for the purpose of training smaller models as specified in the Terms of Service
Service Payments. When you pay for our Services, we collect and process:

Payment details
Billing address (street, city, state/province, postal code, country)
Tax/VAT identification, if required for invoicing
Transaction records (dates, amounts, invoice/order numbers, payment status)
Additional payment-related details you provide
Contact & Inquiries. We collect the following information through the web form you complete to contact us or to submit your request or query to us, along with any other details you choose to provide:

First name
Last name
Email address
Phone number
Job title
Company name
Company website
Scenario you’re interested in (e.g. infrastructure or inference as a service)
Any other information you decide to share
Support Communications. We collect any information you provide when you communicate with us by email, live chat, support tickets, or other means, including the content of your messages and any associated details.

Know Your Customer (KYC). We may ask you to provide information to verify your identity as part of our KYC procedures. This helps us comply with legal and regulatory requirements. You might be asked to submit:

A partially obscured copy of your government‑issued ID, showing only:

Your photograph
Your full name and surname
Your nationality
The place and type of document
The first four digits of the document number
Any other information necessary to complete our KYC checks

1.2. Personal Data We Collect Automatically
Service Use. When you use our Services, we automatically collect and generate metadata needed to provide, administer, and improve those services. This may include:

User identifiers and authentication credentials
Resource identifiers and related attributes
IP addresses
Operational status, software errors, and crash reports
Quality and performance metrics (e.g., latency, throughput, uptime)
Other technical details essential for the operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of our Services
Marketing preferences
Zero data retention status
Cookies and Similar Technologies. For more details on this matter, please refer to Section 8 hereof.

1.3. Submissions on Behalf of Others
When you provide information on behalf of another person or entity whether during registration or through any other interaction you confirm that you are authorized to:

Supply and process the submitted details for that person or entity;
Grant us the right to collect, use, and retain their information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
By submitting third‑party information, you represent and warrant that you have obtained all necessary consents and permissions from the data subject or entity to permit us to handle their data as described herein.

1.4. Sensitive Personal Data
We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal data (e.g., information revealing race, ethnicity, political opinions, religion, or similar) and ask that data subjects refrain from submitting such information.

2. Why We Process Your Personal Data
We collect and use personal data only for purposes that are necessary to:

Process your requests and queries
Verify your identity if you contact us
Send you our newsletter
Enhance the performance and content of our websites
Tailor our services and websites to your preferences
Analyze trends
Comply with applicable laws
Protect us and our users/customers from fraud or other illegal activities
More specifically, we process personal data to:

Provide timely feedback to your questions and requests and/or take the necessary steps to conclude an agreement with you
Deliver our Services, including creating, updating, and personalizing your account; enabling accessibility features; processing payments; performing all operations required to provide and maintain the Services; handling support requests and other inquiries; sending notifications about Service changes; and supplying information relevant to your use of the Services
Develop, improve, and secure our Services, including speculative decoding
Evaluate the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns so we can better tailor them to your interests
Conduct analytics, statistics, development, and research, including sharing aggregated statistical data with our business partners and affiliates
All of the above is based on our legitimate interest in providing you with a superior experience and in fine-tuning our offerings to your needs.

Additionally, we may process your personal data to:

Comply with legal obligations, judicial enforcement, and administrative orders under applicable law
Protect and enforce our rights, privacy, security, safety, systems, and property as well as those of other persons we are responsible for and to resolve disputes
Verify your identity during onboarding as part of our KYC (Know-Your-Customer) checks, authenticate you as an authorized user of the Services, and detect or prevent possible fraud
Perform audits and internal checks to ensure our processes comply with legal, contractual, and regulatory requirements
We also engage in notifications and promotional communications directly related to Nebius Services. We may send you messages about new features, offerings, events, and special opportunities via any contact method available to us (e.g., web notifications, email), through our website, or via marketing campaigns on other platforms, including social media. You can opt out of these communications at any time through the Services settings page or by following the unsubscribe link in our emails.

Consent where required by law
In certain jurisdictions outside the EEA, local laws may require your explicit consent before we process your personal data. By accessing, browsing, or using our websites, you agree to the processing of your personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw your consent at any time your withdrawal will not affect the legality of any processing carried out before you withdrew it.

3. To Whom We Disclose Your Personal Data
We may share certain personal data with the following recipients, as required or permitted by applicable law and our legitimate interests:

Nebius Group:
For the purposes of providing and developing our services, we may share your personal data within the Nebius Group.

Service providers:
We engage third‑party providers to help deliver our Services such as for maintenance, auditing, payment processing, customer support, marketing, and development. These providers may access the personal data they need solely to perform their tasks on our behalf, and they’re contractually prohibited from using or disclosing it for any other purpose. If you purchase Nebius services, we may also use a payment provider who may independently collect additional information about you (for example, for fraud prevention or compliance with legal requirements).

Marketing and analytics providers:
With your prior consent, we may share data with marketing and analytics providers (e.g., Google Analytics) to understand and improve how you use our website.

Legal Disclosures:
We may disclose your information if required by law, subpoena, or other legal process - or whenever we have a good‑faith belief that disclosure is necessary to:

Investigate, prevent, or take action on suspected or actual unlawful activities, or to assist law‑enforcement agencies.
Enforce our agreements with you.
Defend against third‑party claims or allegations.
Protect the security or integrity of our services or those of our affiliates.
Safeguard the rights, safety, or property of Nebius, our users, employees, or others.
Change in Control or Sale:
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.

4. Your Rights
According to the GDPR, you have certain rights as a data subject, including the right to access, right to data portability, right to rectification, right to withdraw consent, right to object, right to erasure, right to restriction of processing, right to lodge a complaint, and right to contact a Data Protection Authority (DPA). Please be aware that there may be limitations or exceptions to these rights, depending on the specific circumstances and legal requirements. If anything is unclear, please don't hesitate to contact us and ask any questions. Below, you can find more information about these rights and how you can exercise them.

Once you submit a request, we will review and respond promptly - typically within 30 days. In certain cases, we may need additional time to investigate and fulfil your request. Once completed, we will confirm via the email address you provided.

By submitting a request, you confirm that you are the individual to whom the data relates and that you have the legal capacity and authority to act on your own behalf. We may verify your identity using the information you supply if there is any doubt. Additionally, where required by law, we may need to share your request and our response with third parties, including regulatory authorities.

5. Retention of Your Personal Data
We retain your personal data only for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the scopes described in this Privacy Policy. The exact length of time may vary depending on the type of data, the scope of processing, the category of users involved and - most importantly- whether we are compelled to retain certain personal data due to, for example, tax requirements or other legal obligations under applicable law, fraud‑prevention or safety considerations. When we process partially obscured copies of your ID, we retain them for a maximum of 18 months in order to maintain the necessary records for our yearly audits.

Please consider that non‑personal data may be retained and used by Nebius without limitation, in particular for archiving purposes, public‑interest, statistical, historical or scientific research purposes.

6. Overseas Personal Data Transfers
We store your personal data in our data centres in the European Union. However, as a global organization, we may also process and transfer your personal data to other group companies or to third parties around the world for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy - specifically, to fulfil our agreements with you, to respond to your requests, or, where applicable, based on your consent.

Whenever we transfer your personal data outside the EU and EEA, we ensure its protection by implementing appropriate safeguards, including:

adopting the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (and their approved equivalents for Switzerland and the UK), or other approved transfer mechanisms;
encrypting personal data in transit;
maintaining internal policies to restrict access and promote awareness.
For an overview of data‑protection standards by country, please visit https://www.cnil.fr/en/data-protection-around-the-world.

7. Data Privacy Framework
7.1. Participation in Data Privacy Framework
Your personal data may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection and privacy laws that are different to the laws of your country.

We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal data between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal data they process from the European Economic Area (EEA) in accordance with European Union data protection law.

Nebius complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Nebius has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.

7.2. Types of personal data collected
Please refer to the Section 1 “Personal Data We Collect” to find out about the types of personal data collected by Nebius under the Data Privacy Framework.

7.3. Commitment to be subject to the Data Privacy Framework Principles
Nebius is committed to being subject to the Data Privacy Framework Principles for all personal data received from the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the relevant part(s) of the Data Privacy Framework program.

7.4. Purposes for collection and use of personal data
Please refer to the Section 1 “Personal Data We Collect” to find out about the purposes for which Nebius collects and uses personal data under the Data Privacy Framework.

7.5. How to contact us about any inquiries or complaints regarding Data Privacy Framework compliance
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Nebius commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Nebius at:

DPO’s contact details: Marina Benassi Coslovi, privacy@nebius.com

Address: Schiphol Boulevard 165, 1118 BG Schiphol, the Netherlands

Email: privacy@nebius.com

Phone: +31 202066970

7.6. independent dispute resolution
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Nebius commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.

7.7. The type or identity of third parties to which we disclose personal information under the Data Privacy Framework, and the purposes for which we do so
Please refer to the Section 3 “To Whom We Disclose Your Personal Data” to find out about the type or identity of third parties to which we disclose personal data under the Data Privacy Framework, and the purposes for which we do so.

7.8. Your right to access your personal data
You also have the right to access any personal data that relates to you and which is processed under the Data Privacy Framework. Further information about this right can be found in the “Your rights” section below.

7.9. Your choices regarding use of your personal data Under the Data Privacy Framework:
You have the right to opt out of the disclosure of your "non sensitive" personal data to third party controllers and/or to the use of it for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.
You have the right to only have “sensitive” personal data about you disclosed to third party controllers and/or used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you through exercise of opt-in choice.
For personal data processing that is controlled by Nebius, these choices can be exercised by contacting Nebius through the methods noted in the “Your rights” section below.
7.10. Subjection to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Unite States Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Nebius compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.

7.11. Possible use of binding arbitration
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Data Privacy Framework compliance not resolved by any of the other Data Privacy Framework mechanisms. For additional information about this, please see here.

7.12. Requirement to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities
Please be aware that Nebius may be required to disclose personal data that relates to you (and which is protected under the Data Privacy Framework) in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

7.13. Nebius liability in cases of onward transfers to third parties
Nebius may transfer personal data for the purposes described in the Section 3 “To Whom We Disclose Your Personal Data” to a third party acting as a data controller or as an agent. If we intend to disclose personal data to a third party acting as a data controller or as an agent we will comply with, and protect, personal data as provided in the Accountability for Onward Transfer Principle of the Data Privacy Framework.

Nebius remains liable for the processing of personal data received under the Data Privacy Framework and subsequently transferred to a third party acting as an agent if the agent processes such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Data Protection Framework principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

8. Cookies
As outlined in our Cookie Policy, we use cookies and similar technologies such as pixels, ad tags and local storage to improve your experience, provide convenience, maintain security and serve you tailored ads. For simplicity, we call all these tools “cookies.” In practice, cookies support functions like authentication, security, feature enablement, advertising and analytics. There are two types of cookies: first‑party cookies set by us, and third‑party cookies set by our vetted partners.

We collect marketing and analytics cookies based on your consent obtained via the cookie banner. If you’ve granted consent for cookies, you may modify or withdraw that consent at any time via the “Manage cookies” option on our websites.

Third‑Party Services
Certain features of the websites are provided by third parties. These providers may collect information about your online activity to deliver personalized advertisements for products and services that might interest you.

In addition, your activity on our websites may enable third parties such as search engines to infer your interests and show you tailored ads as you browse. Any data collection and processing by these third parties is governed solely by their own privacy policies, for which they are fully responsible. Nebius disclaims all liability for their practices. Please consult each third party’s Privacy Policy for more details.

9. Security of Your Personal Data
Nebius maintains a dedicated security team and employs a combination of technical, administrative and physical controls to safeguard the personal data we process. We continually update and rigorously test these measures to ensure they remain state‑of‑the‑art.

However, no system is completely impervious to attack, and no internet transmission can be guaranteed secure. While we strive to protect your data, we cannot promise that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or other breaches will never occur. Any transmission of information is at your own risk.

10. State- or Country-Specific Provisions
10.1. United States of America
A. Privacy Information for California Residents
This section of the Privacy Policy applies only to California residents. If you are a California resident, this section will prevail over other parts of the Privacy Policy in case of any discrepancies. To avoid any misunderstanding, personal information has the same meaning as personal data.

Personal Information Collected over the Last 12 Months
Personal information we collected directly from you:

Categories of data collected	Data collected from you and why it was collected
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal law	We do not intentionally collect any information on your protected classifications
Commercial information	Records of services with Nebius
Precise Geolocation Data	We do not collect precise geolocation data
Financial Information	Payment and Billing Information. Please note that Nebius relies on third‑party payment providers to handle your payments and does not retain your payment information
Biometric Data	We do not collect biometric data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information	Audio may be recorded during online calls, provided that the party being recorded has given their consent
Internet/Network Activity	Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser type and language, sending and exiting pages, information about the date and time stamps, information about visits, logs
Professional or Employment-related Information	Field of activity or occupation, job title, and company name
Education Information	We do not collect Education Information
Device Information	Operating system, browser type, device ID (with consent)
Categories of Personal Information Sold in the last 12 months
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.

Categories of Personal Information Disclosed over the last 12 months
Categories of Data Disclosed	Types of Entities to Which Data Was Disclosed	Reason for Disclosure of Data	Categories of Recipients
Commercial information, Financial information, Internet/Network Activity Professional or Employment-related Information, Audio Information, Device Information	Please see section 3 with the detailed description	Please see section 2 with the detailed description	Please see section 3 with the detailed description
Information we sell
Nebius does not sell your personal information to third parties. “Sale” excludes transfers that occur as part of a merger, acquisition, asset sale or other similar business transaction involving all or part of Nebius. In such cases, your personal information may be transferred to the acquiring entity. If a transaction will materially change how we process your personal information, we will notify you beforehand.

Your California Privacy Rights
We have implemented policies and procedures to help facilitate the exercise of privacy rights available to California residents under applicable law. If you are a California resident, you are entitled to the rights described in Section 4 of this Privacy Policy. In addition, you may be entitled to the following:

Disclosure of Direct Marketers

Right to Information About Collecting, Selling, Sharing, or Disclosing Personal Information

Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information

Right to Non-Discrimination

Submitting a Verifiable Request under the CCPA

Submitting a request through an authorized agent

Submitting a Request for Removal of Minor Information

Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act
We do not support Do Not Track (DNT). DNT is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not wish to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the “Preferences” or “Settings” section of your web browser.

Please note that third parties may collect data about you. We cannot control how third parties respond to Do Not Track signals or other similar mechanisms. The collection and use of data by third parties, and their responsiveness to Do Not Track signals, is governed by their respective privacy policies.

B. Privacy Information for Residents of other States (Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia)
Unless otherwise stated by the law of your state of residence, the provisions in Chapter A “Privacy Information for California Residents” will apply to the processing of your data. If you have questions related to your rights or any other aspects of this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the methods outlined in Section 14.

Your Rights under various United Sates state data privacy laws such as the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act, Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act, Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act, Kentucky Consumer Data Protection Act, Maryland Online Data Privacy Act, Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Nebraska Data Privacy Act, New Hampshire SB 255, New Jersey SB 332, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Tennessee Information Protection Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act.

For residents from the states of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia this section allows you to exercise your rights under the applicable state law.

Right to Confirm: The right to confirm whether your personal data is being processed.
Right to Access / Disclosure: The right to have access to your personal data upon simple request – that is, you may receive a copy of such data upon receipt of a verifiable request, along with other information related to the processing of your data.
Right to Data Portability: the right to obtain, move, copy, or transfer data as defined by applicable law.
Right to Correction/Rectification: The right to correct your personal data if you find it is inaccurate, incomplete or obsolete.
Right to Deletion: The right to obtain the deletion of your personal data in the situations set forth by applicable data protection law.
Right to Opt-Out: The right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, as defined by applicable law as well as the right to opt out of the processing of sensitive data as defined by applicable law. Certain applicable laws also permit the right to opt out of the sale of personal data and profiling.
Right to Appeal: You may also have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request.
Submitting a Verifiable Request under the United States’ State Laws.
C. Profiling Disclosure
We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.

D. Data Protection Assessments
Nebius will conduct all necessary data protection assessments for all applicable processing or other activities when required by applicable law

10.2. Israel
This section provides additional information for residents of Israel in accordance with the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981 as amended by Amendment No. 13, 5774–2024 (the “PPL”).

Terminology: For the purpose of this section, the term “Information” is used, which is equivalent to “Personal Data” under the GDPR.

Local Representative: For purposes of the Protection of Privacy Law, our appointed local representative in Israel is:

Nebius Israel Ltd

Yigal Alon Street 94, 1 Alon Tower, 39 floor, Tel-Aviv, Israel (Attn: Privacy Office)

Email: privacy@nebius.com

Supervisory Authority: You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Israeli Privacy Protection Authority at any time by using the contact details specified here.

11. Children
Our websites and services are not intended for use by individuals under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect or process personal data from anyone under 18. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor and believe we have collected their data, you may contact us to exercise their rights as described in this Privacy Policy.

12. Difficulty Accessing this Privacy Policy
If you have a disability and cannot access our Privacy Policy online, please contact us (using the details in the Section 14) to request a copy in an alternative, more accessible format. We will not collect or process any health‑related or other sensitive personal data in connection with such requests.

13. Changes
Our business is continually evolving, and we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect those changes. We’ll post any revised version on our website, so we encourage you to review it periodically. If we make any material changes, we will notify you.

14. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy, you may contact us or our data protection officer by writing to us at:

Nebius B.V., Schiphol Boulevard 165, 1118 BG Schiphol, the Netherlands (Attn: Privacy Office), or by emailing us at privacy@nebius.com.